{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13740\viewh11600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 You can see all of the different mock-ups in the PSD file in the Assets folder. I just used Layer Comps to create the different pages. Hopefully that is straight forward. \
\
ignore widths (and heights for that matter) on the mock-ups. these are more for reference (and relative placement rather than exact location. \
\
top navigation in mock-up is obviously missing the showcase link. \
\
The width of the mock-up is not consistent with the width of the actual html page. If you look at the original at zeller-electric.com, you will see how skinny it is. Unfortunately, the new design is not such that it fills the width of the browser. The mock-up is based on the 960 pixel grid \'96\'a0any thoughts on the width? \
\
If you just create the code, I can go in and tweak if necessary. For example, I don't know if the Showcase sections will actually have any text (as shown in the mock-up as Define Design/build here), so the entire thing may all shift up. \
\
Each Showcase page will look the similar, and I can put the specific content in myself. \
\
The content background (not the body) is a grid pattern created in Photoshop. Any thoughts on how to best use this? As perhaps a 25px square that is repeated x and y? not sure how the lines will line up then. \
\
In the mock-up, I have the a:hover the same width as the text. I'm not sure how to do this in code. Everything I tried just had the underline the same width as the div (for lack of a better term, it wasn't really a div). \
\
I'm working on getting the images for the affiliations. I only have access to the .swf files, so I have to dig around to find the actual images. \
\
I can't decide between making the sub-pages' dominant image be taller (as in the mock-up) or skinny (as on currently online). I suppose this might be determined by the images I get.  These will not be a slide show, just a static image. \
\
The contact form doesn't need to look like it does, but I like the fact that it has a simplified reCaptcha aspect. I thought it came from css-tricks.com, but I can't seem to find the actual original files. This is the one that I used on the Barrick-Oltman site. \
\
Thoughts on how to best get the mission statement in the header like in the mock-up?\
\
\
\
NOTES 8/27\
\
looks really good. (I'm looking at this in Chrome)\
\
Can the drop shadow on the links on the drop-down menu only be visible on hover? I'd like all of the links to look the same. \
\
For the project showcase area on the home page, I think it would be better to have the first box align with the "Project" text, etc. I'm assuming this means adjusting the gap in between each of the 5 showcase images. In other words, can you spread everything out to match the left and right margins of the rest of content above them (and maybe the same thing with the 6 boxes on the Affiliations page? \
\
Also, let's get rid of the border hover blue, and if possible, apply the same hover effect as on the primary navigation to just the text. Let's see how that looks.\
\
The quality/resolution of the logo and the background seem a bit pixelated. How do they appear on your monitor? \
\
on the contact page \'96\'a0how about a bit more height for each of the first three input boxes, the text inside looks a bit cramped? The alignment of the form and the content above it feels awkward. Perhaps a while box encapsulating the entire form would help? That would also help draw attention to the form itself. How does this form avoid spam? \
\
The overall container is not quite centered, I think it would look better if it were. \
\
It looks good on iOS! only for some reason the primary navigation is behind the link to the home page. Maybe remove the ability to click on the logo to return home, since there is a Home link. Or just adjust the clickable area to be less wide, whichever is easier. }